# How to evaluate the game

## strategies from Sebastien
https://discord.com/channels/@me/915029961423855616/915030152310816819
1. What if we try to accumulate some items to virtually create rarity and demand? Let me explain. For example, we know that sailfish are rare (1% drop) and will be eventually use to create swiftness potion. The guild could buy directly the guild's members sailfish so we don't use the dfk exchange to trade them against another currency. The guild could use a certain allocation to buy important amount of sailfish at the dfk exchange when prices are considered low. Doing so, the price of sailfish will eventually go up because of the demand and we would have an important supply of sailfish. We could thus take advantage of it buy reselling our sailfish at really high prices at the dfk exchange and making a good profit. We could make some swiftness potions a lot cheaper than the other players since we would have accumulate sailfish at low prices Jewelzboyz = Swiftnez Boyz. So yeah basically we could do a kind of sailfish black market.. Obviously we need to do that with rare items, no items that are too common.
2. Also, we know that mining and gardening quests are up next. Maybe in 2 weeks, maybe in 2 months, who knows. I think the guild should really focus on buying good miners/gardeners since their demand will rise a lot when their quests will be launched. Doing so, we will be well positioned to flip heroes and make a really good profit for the guild, while keeping the best miners/gardeners for ourselves. 
3. Finally, I notice that the biggest heroes owner is now a paid member of the guild... Veilvi.. I hope you guys have some plan to work hand in hand with him/her!